Pre-migration CQA task for the REST API title (#4937)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-the-post-http-method.adoc

= Using the POST HTTP method

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the POST HTTP method to create new resources such as activation keys or hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the POST HTTP method to create resources such as hosts or architectures.
```

Create always implies new; so "create new" -> "create".

I also replaced the AK example with architectures because that'll work for all build targets.
